Add the CheckBox UIHook components (#850)
zeit/docs: pages/docs/integrations/v2/integrations-docs-mdx/component-catalog/input-components.mdx

  <Option value="redis" caption="Redis" />
</Select>
```

### Checkbox

> The checkbox component allow us accept a boolean input from the user.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Checkbox component provides the user with a Checkbox input:
```

```jsx
<Checkbox name="allowOptionA" label="Allow Option A" checked="true" />
```

The Checkbox component supports the following attributes:

> - `name` name of clientState field

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `name` - the name of the clientState field
```

> - `name` - the name of the clientState field

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `name` - the name of the `clientState` field
```

> - `label` - a label to show next to the checkbox

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `label` - a label to show next to the Checkbox
```

> - `label` - (options) a label to show next to the checkbox

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `label` - a label to show next to the checkbox
```

> - `checked` - the default state of the checkbox, either`"true"` or `"false"`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `checked` - the default state of the Checkbox, either `"true"` or `"false"`
```

> - `checked` - (options) set the default state of the checkbox (accepts, `"true"` and `"false"` as values)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `checked` - the default state of the checkbox, either`"true"` or `"false"`
```

> If the user checks the checkbox, or allows it to remain in the checked state from default, `clientState` will have a field with the name defined in the `Checkbox` component with the value as `true`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If the user checks the Checkbox, or allows it to remain in the checked state from default, `clientState` will have a field with the name defined in the `Checkbox` component with the value as `true`.
```

> If the user checked the checkbox (or keep it in the checked state), clientState will have a field with the name defined in the `Checkbox` component with the value as `true`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If the user checks the checkbox, or allows it to remain in the checked state from default, `clientState` will have a field with the name defined in the `Checkbox` component with the value as `true`.
```
